what carnal wave speaks to view mode
I make this video to you as a subscriber
he asked me to make a video
explaining how to download and install the
I think 3 good in description I leave you the
good download link is downloaded and
now we start
well once the cla
three search where they have been downloaded
they look for it and move it to the desk
let us this file we extract it
and leave us a folder like this one
open and inside will contain the
installation of the blog
We have to open the installer as
administrator
open this tab we give in next or
next we mark the first box and
we give in following
here we look for the folder of our
game and we give in following very
important that it be in the archives of
programs or if we can not install it
once done this we give in following
Here we leave everything as it is and we give it
in following here equal and we give in
following next and it will start us
install he created here they hope and they give him
in finish or finish
now we go to our folder of our
gta san andreas
and as you see, we create a folder which
will be where all the mods will be installed
if some files come out
they delete and now if they can install the
mod they want if they do not know how to install
mode for the gta san andreas tell me
for the comments on this video
Well this would be it is very easy
installation I hope you have served them
and if you have a question or if you want a mod
do not forget to miss it for the
comments of the channel goodbye I wait for you
in another video